I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Not Very Well!
Mummy and Daddy Pig
have just made breakfast
for Peppa and George.
Breakfast is ready!
Peppa has red spots on her face!
Mummy, I don't feel very Well.
Oh, dear, Peppa. You don't look very Well.
Don't Worry. I'll ring Dr. Brown-Bear.
Dr. Brown-Bear speaking.
Peppa is not very Well.
Her face is covered in red spots!
Put Peppa to bed and
I'll come straight round.
Dr. Brown Bear has come to
make Peppa better.
Hello, Peppa, how are you today?
I am not very Well.
Stick your tongue out, please.
Hmmm... It's not anything serious.
Peppa has just got a rash.
Do I need medicine?!
The rash Will clear up quickly.
But if you like, I can give
you just a little medicine.
Yes, please.
I'm afraid it doesn't taste very nice.
Open Wide, please.
Eeuuurgh! Disgusting!
You are a brave little one
for taking it so Well.
Peppa must stay in bed.
I'll call back later
to check that she is better.
Can Peppa have visitors?
Oh, yes, she can have visitors.
The rash isn't catching. Goodbye!
Goodbye! Dr. Brown Bear!
Mummy, can I get up now?
Dr. Brown Bear says that
you must stay in bed
for a little bit, Peppa.
But it's so boring!
Dr. Brown Bear did say
you could have visitors.
Can Suzy Sheep visit me?
Suzy Sheep is Peppa's best friend.
I'll ring Suzy Sheep's mummy.
Hello, Mrs. Pig.
May Peppa talk With Suzy, please?
Hello, Suzy!
Hello, Peppa.
I'm not very Well.
I have red spots on my face.
Has the doctor been?
Yes, Dr. Brown Bear Was here!
He said I Was not very Well
and that I Was very brave.
So are you really ill?
Yes, yes! It's not pretend!
I have to stay in bed!
Dr. Brown Bear
gave me medicine that
tasted really horrible!
I'm coming to see you!
I'm going to Wear my
nurse's outfit!!!
Suzy Sheep has come to see Peppa.
Suzy is Wearing her nurse's costume.
Danny Dog and Rebecca Rabbit
have come along, too.
Hello, Peppa!
Hello!
How do you feel?
I am not very Well, Suzy.
I have to stay in bed.
What can We do to make you better?
You could get me some orange juice.
Ok!
Peppa seems to be quite enjoying herself.
Thank you, Suzy.
Do you feel any better?
A little bit. Danny,
Woof!
Ask my mummy
if I could have some ice cream.
And Rebecca,
could you bring me
some flowers from the garden?
Dr. Brown Bear is here,
to see if Peppa is better.
Ah, good, the nurse is already here!
How is the patient?
Err... I'm not a real nurse,
it's just pretend.
I see. Would you like me
to take a look myself?
Yes, please.
I say! No more red spots!
You're completely better!
Aren't I still a bit ill?
How do you feel?
I think I should stay in bed
a little bit more.
Hmm.. I fancy a game With this ball
in the garden!!
Who Wants to join me?
Me! Me! Me!
Me, too!
Well, I never! A complete
recovery!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.